Your Majesty, calm your anger.
Preserve your health.
How can I calm down? This fool’s actions are too severe.
How can I calm down?
In the last life,
I actually let this fool raise an army and break into the palace.
This is simply a crime against the ages, Your Majesty.
I understand all the forces Prince Duan had in court,
but I missed a divine physician in Prince Duan’s residence.
Indeed.
This was an unexpected discovery while I was investigating the concubines.
The Soul-Stealing Umbrella is not a rare item.
The medicine that the concubines long gave you,
the Fragrant Blossom Tea,
was specially formulated by that divine physician in Prince Duan’s residence.
He is the only one who can make the antidote.
Since the incident with Prince Duan,
this divine physician has vanished without a trace.
As if he never existed.
Impossible.
The world under heaven is the king’s land.
As long as he is human,
he will leave traces.
Besides the method being poor,
I also found a kind of poison in the concubines’ possessions.
What is Qingzi Soup?
According to the Imperial Medical Department,
this soup is one of the ten forbidden drugs in the palace.
If pregnant,
it will not only cause miscarriage
but the mother will also face severe death.
If not pregnant,
it might result in permanent infertility.
What did you say?
Say it again.
Permanent infertility?
What exactly went wrong?